# SmartDoc

While it may be hard to accept, most of us will require some type of care assistance after a certain age .They may be used to handling everything themself, dividing up duties with their spouse, or relying on family members for minor help around the home. But as they get older and their circumstances change, getting around and taking care of themself can become more and more difficult. While increasing age gives so many health issues to the older citizens who forget things easily. Mostly aged people have Dementia  and they forget things easily  most of the time their medicines too.  Medicines help us live longer and healthier. But, taking them the wrong way or mixing certain drugs can be dangerous. Side effects can be relatively minor, such as a headache or a dry mouth. They can also be life-threatening, such as severe bleeding or irreversible damage to the liver or kidneys. Medications' side effects also can affect your driving. With this we  need to be careful to keep track of our medicines and use them safely.

Artificial intelligence is showing great promise in areas of health care. From smartphones to motion sensors, technology experts are using the Internet to get wireless devices to talk to each other to keep older citizens and many other  patients safe and improve their health and well-being.

Polypharmacy plays an important role in aged patients Memorizing multiple drug instructions is tedious and challenging Missing a dose or overdose is harmful Drug interactions may decrease efficacy and introduce side effects Therefore, with a motive to help the senior citizens , we have successfully presented an medical assistant app, Through this application, we aim to provide Easily “scan-and-input” the medical  prescription using Optical Character Recognition (OCR), courtesy of Google Cloud Vision API Personalized drug schedule on daily routine, and record meals, exercise, and medical history based on the previous data. SmartDoc also aims to provide text and video chat support to all the users. 


